Update additional section that references log partitions (#18592)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/tutorial-manage-large-log-volume/organize-large-logs.mdx

## Why partition your logs

You can gain significant performance improvements with proper use of data partitions. Organizing your data into discrete partitions enables you to query just the data you need. You can query a single partition or a comma separated list of partitions.  The goals of partitioning your data should be:

* Create data partitions that align with categories in your environment or organization that are static or change infrequently (for example, by business unit, team, environment, service, etc.).

> * Create partitions to optimize the number of events that must be scanned for your most common queries.  There is no hard and fast rule, but generally as scanned log events gets over 500 million (especially over 1 billion) for your `common` queries you may consider adjusting your partitioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create partitions to optimize the number of events that must be scanned for your most common queries.  There is no established rule, but generally as scanned log events gets over 500 million (especially over 1 billion) for your `common` queries, you may consider adjusting your partitioning.
```

A partition's namespace determines its retention period. We offer two retention options:

* <DNT>**Standard:**</DNT> The account's default retention determined by your New Relic subscription. This is the maximum retention period available in your account and is the namespace you'll select for most of your partitions.

> * <DNT>**Secondary:**</DNT> 30-day retention. All logs sent to a partition that's a member of the Secondary namespace will be purged on a rolling basis 30 days after having been ingested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <DNT>**Secondary:**</DNT> 30-day retention. All logs sent to a partition that's a member of the secondary namespace will be purged on a rolling basis 30 days after having been ingested.
```
